# Two-Factor Authorization - In Class Work / CEG 2410

### Name: Cody Southworth 

## 2FA and you:
- The main two-factor authenticator I use daily is for signing into Pilot. When signing into Pilot as a student, after we have successfully inputted our email and password it takes us to a second page where it prompts us for a 2FA with an application that has us use what they call a "push" sent to your mobile device where you confirm that push was from you. If you approve of the push then you will be successfully logged into Pilot with your account
- The second example of a 2FA I use is for my Nord VPN account. When logging in from an unknown device or unknown IP address, I have it set up where there is a 2FA process that must be completed. Just like I used in the first example, I use Duo Mobile for this as well. However, in this process, the steps are a bit different. When I successfully input my login details for my Nord VPN account, this time instead of a push it sends a random 5-digit/letter code to duo mobile. I then have to retrieve that code from the application and input it into the login site. If it matches what was sent then I have a successfully login.

## And another one:
- For this one, I did not have my Steam account set up with a 2FA. I use a very strong password for this account so I never thought to set one up, but being extra cautious will not hurt. The 2FA process for Steam is rather nice because there is no need for any 3rd party/middleman applications. The whole 2FA process is completely done through Steam and its' application. When successfully inputting your login details for your account, you just need to open your Steam app which is downloaded on whatever mobile device you have, and go to the "Steam Guard" section in the app. All you need to do is scan the QR code that it gives you on whatever device you are attempting to log in to. If you have trouble with that however they do offer just like in my second example a 5-digit/letter code that you can input when prompted which is nice.

## King for a day:
- While doing some research for this assignment I happened to stumble across an application called "Raivo". This is a 2FA application for iPhone users which has some really awesome features. If I had to choose this would be the one I would have everyone use, that is, if everyone had iPhones. The reasoning for this is because as I said the features behind it, some features include Synchronisation. This will sync all of your one-time passwords to the iCLoud. It also offers local backups where you can export your files to an encrypted ZIP folder. I know these are some really good features as we talked about how important having backups are last week. 
